Men's Coaching Reel2Real is a weekly men's gathering where the use of multimedia presentations, interactive teaching and discussions incorporate men's coaching, counseling, and faith-based principles to encourage men of all ages.
BY DONATION - for the first time yogi (who is fit and healthy) or the experienced practitioner who wants clear instruction and a review of the basics.
Expeditionary Film School of Alaska  Wilderness Therapy & Life Coaching for Adults, Utilizing Expeditionary Learning & Adventure Filmmaking.
Recovering from toxic, dysfunctional, and abusive relationships, external (marital, extended family, parental or adult children, friends, supervisor, work environment, etc); and internal. Understand how toxic and irrational thinking drives emotional states, and how to take personal responsibility for your own happiness. Begin to break unhealthy behavioral and relationship cycles, sometimes referred to as codependency. Learn about healthy vs. toxic heart and brain connections, authentic self-care, and mind-body connection using mindfulness strategies. Create a survival plan for moving forward with Positive Psychology, Art Therapy, & the Science of Happiness.
Members will be encouraged to discuss their transitional life issues.
A highly structured and relational group designed to provide education and support for men recovery from pornography and/or sex compulsions/addictions. Group members will learn to honestly acknowledge areas that have been hidden and actively change how one thinks, feels, and acts.  The group primarily utilizes Patrick Carnes' 30-Task Model but also draws from Cognitive Behavioral Therapy, 12-steps, Motivational Interviewing, and Solution Focused Therapy.  Learn techniques to be more effective at identifying triggers and unhealthy thought patterns, set structure and safety supports, prevent relapses, and build meaningful relationships.  Call for more information.
The Hold Me Tight® Workshop was developed by Dr. Sue Johnson and is designed around seven conversations based on the Hold Me Tight book, all of which have been shown to be essential to successful relations.  You will learn how to understand and improve your relationship through presentations by the workshop leaders, private exercises and conversations with your partner and by watching video demonstrations of other couples.
DBT Mindfulness, Interpersonal, Emotion Regulation, and Distress Tolerance Skills.
A support group for moms who may be experiencing difficulties during pregnancy and postpartum time in their lives.
For many, mid-life is a time of intense questioning and search for meaning. As Carl Jung showed, after the first half of life passes our focus often turns inward. Sometimes the process is gentle but for many it can be painful and wrenching . Children are grown and setting out on their own and career is reaching a plateau: what more is there? This group explores such questions and seeks answers via dreamwork, fantasies, sandplay and group support.
A consultation group for seasoned psychotherapists wishing to explore the treatment of various sexual problems within the context of couples therapy.
Groups initially start with a psychoeducation focus on learning about the impact trauma, abuse and neglect has in a supportive and "normalizing" environment.  We then tend to progress to a more process oriented format where we gently interweave education, support and interpersonal process into the therapeutic mileu tailored to the needs of the participants.
This 12 week group begins each September and January and explores the themes of the Sacred Feminine from the perspectives of Women's Issues, Positive Psychology, assertive communication, Goal-Orientation, Mindfulness-Based Therapy, and the demands of everyday life. We will learn the stages of a women's "Ethic of Care" developed by famous Women's Psychologist Carol Gilligan, and learn how to integrate that into our lives. Finally, each group member is invited to explore her own personal or professional goals, and develop an approach that embodies the ideas of the group; Women's Empowerment.
Summer AK women's groups to get away from it all. Heal in nature.  Camp in the fresh air, fish or hike. Art groups, processing groups specific to Relationships, family, career/vocational/school inquiry, spiritual discernment, goal/objective attainment, stress management, self esteem confidence, codependency.
Gentle movement, guided meditation, instruction for seated postures and insight based meditation. 20-30 minutes of sitting at the beginning of each practice.
My LEGO Based Social Skills therapy group works through the use of LEGO to process challenges in social skills development. Group sizes are small (2-3), with an age range of 6-16. No diagnosis required. Registration is ongoing.
This 10-session therapy group is for children (age 8-12) with ADHD, and a parent, who meet separately at the same time. It aims to train parents to understand Attention Deficit Disorder and to work with their children, the school system, pediatricians, and others; to teach empathy and mutual problem-solving with their children; and to improve children's self control, emotional regulation, social skills, and working memory. There is no extra charge for the parents' group. Parent's group will be based on Vincent Monastra's book, Parenting Children with ADHD; children's, on a child ADHD workbook.
Expeditionary Film School of Alaska. Wilderness Therapy & Life Coaching for Adults, Utilizing Expeditionary Learning & Adventure Filmmaking.
*Parents Raise self-confident, motivated children who are ready for the real world. Loving, yet powerful tools for parenting children of all ages.  *For Educators Practical yet powerful tools for today's busy teacher. Create more cooperative, more motivated students and classrooms.  * Conferences People learn best when they're having fun. Laugh, learn and leave with practical skills you can use right awa
The start date for this group is TBA once a minimum of 6 participants is established. Preventing an alcohol or drug relapse is more than just saying "no" in the face of temptation. Prevention needs to start early and before temptation presents itself. Relapse prevention planning is one of the most important steps in the addiction journey. During process groups, participants learn to recognize addiction triggers, develop problem-solving and coping skills, and avoid high-risk situations that could lead to substance relapse. The group sessions will be 10 week commitment to identify warning signs of relapse and establish long term recovery.
People with chronic pain often share this common thought: "I'm not sure if anyone really understands what I am experiencing". If you wish to work with a group of people who share your concerns, and explore ways to better manage or reduce your chronic pain, please join us for our twice monthly sessions, the first two Wednesdays of the month, starting at 4:30pm. Our location is the AA Spine and Pain Clinic, 4100 Lake Otis Parkway, Suite 208, Anchorage, Alaska. Please call 907-563-2873 for further information, or to reserve a spot for yourself.
Group therapy is an essential aspect of treatment for individuals seeking to change their irrational thoughts and behaviors. Our groups allow individuals from varied backgrounds and varied disorders provide feedback and company on the road to recovery. Therapist intervention in group enhances clients treatment experience.
Decision-making can be difficult. A poor decision can lead to a life of self-doubt, low self-esteem, incarceration, or disruption from discovering one's intended purpose. The Evolution of Decision-Making teaches the basic principles needed to guide one to an orderly evaluation of the elements needed to arrive at an intelligent decision. This decision-making model uses Cognitive Behavioral Therapy and Mindfulness  techniques to assist participants in gaining awareness of the most critical point in their decision-making and begin their journey of purpose. Tap into your genius and discover your purpose.
This group would center around using Yoga concepts & techniques to become more mindful of our internal dialogue. This will help us become happier and healthier individuals. There will be process time at the close of each session.
Group Focus: Emotional Sobriety, The Reason for Relationships, Why Couples fight, Fair Fighting, Setting Boundaries not Walls, Effective Communication, Confusing Intimacy w/ Intensity, Dealing w/ Overwhelming Feelings of Anger, Sadness, Fear & Shame, Feelings are not Facts but Loading w/ Information, How to Share Thoughts & Feelings, How to be a Friend, What a Man Really Wants, What a Women Really Wants, The Stages of Intimacy, Sexual Fulfillment in a Marriage, Finding Your Strength in Difficut Times, Letting Go of the Past, The Mistakes of Parenting,The Power of Forgiveness & Divine Healing...and more.
This group is for women ages 16+ who are seeking support through their history of sexual trauma.  This group will help provide a community of others who have been through similar experiences in a place that is safe and encouraging.  Please call to receive more information.
This group is for young men with social anxiety, autism, working on social skills in the office setting as well as meeting in the community doing things such as bowling, golf, disc golf and other things to help them interact with others in social settings.
This is a skills based group teaching mindfulness, interpersonal, emotion regulation, and distress tolerance skills.  Group meets one time a week and the goal is to decrease maladaptive behaviors while increasing the ability to cope with life's difficulties.
Group is for individuals with anger issues through self admittance or through the courts
You will learn coping skills and receive support as you transition back in to single life after your divorce or separation. (coming soon)
This group is for survivors of trauma, such as rape, childhood sexual assault, and domestic violence. It is appropriate for those seeking to find healing, empowerment, coping tools, and support. Admission to group requires a one time assessment and attendees must agree to sign a confidentiality agreement. Group will meet once per month. Cost is $50 per month, paid at the start of group session each month. Location of group will be provided to group members only for safety and confidentiality. This group is currently taking referrals. Call Jill today for confidential, free information.
This workshop has been created by John Gottman to teach couples to ID relationship destroying behaviors and of new ways to connect and address conflict with your partner.  Using individual and couple exercises enhance this experience.  If you and your partner are ready to make some changes call for more details.
Women's process/support group co-facilitated with my colleague Janet Jackson S-LPC. Focus on building self-esteem, developing healthy coping skills, confronting problems from Family  of Origin, dealing with abuse, exploring the client as a whole person with a meaningful life. This group is temporarily stopped. If you have an interest in this group, please call to discuss. Waiting list has been started.
A FREE weekly peer-to-peer support group for adults diagnosed with depression. This is a place to find support and encouragement from others dealing with similar struggles. This is not a traditional therapy group, but rather a place for individuals managing depression to support each other. We'll meet every Thursday evening from 6-7pm beginning Nov 2nd. (free of charge)
For those with similar experiences to have the opportunity to listen, share and empower each other.
Addressing most anxiety conditions like generalized anxiety (worry wort), OCD, Panic and PTSD, these groups run for 6 sessions at a time, addressing various anxiety symptoms including physical and emotional symptoms, warning signs, prevention and a discussion of various coping skills. Run by 1-2 counselors who alternate leading the groups, patients learn to identify their triggers, manage them and practice their newly acquired coping mechanisms. Handouts and or handbooks are utilized. Videos may also be used.
The Therapeutic Monitoring Group is a weekly psychotherapy group for physicians under contract with their governing board.  It is a closed group and opened only by referral from the Alabama Physicians Health Program or the Alabama Board of Medical Examiners.
Supervision group for ALC's wishing to become LPC  Meets weekly 2 hours monthly.  Weekly individual supervision by appointment.   Also, now offering a group for licensed counselors wishing to become registered Play Therapists
There are three different groups options available for individuals who either voluntarily seek treatment for illegal sexual urges, or for those who are court-ordered to attend a treatment program due to a sexual conviction. These groups are at various times to allow for flexibility for those individuals with work schedules.
Process Group: Let's Talk About It is a group where clients meet with other women to process life's issues. This group allows for each participant to share and receive feedback. Through this process women lear they are not alone and will gain strength through the process.  Each group lasts for 6 weeks. The groups are closed, so connections are made and trust is developed. Call to get on the waiting list for the next group, which will start on October 16, 2017.
Are you willing to take a risk and go on a journey of introspection and self-discovery? I am passionate about empowering Baby Boomer Women venture out, explore and discover their core spirit, passions and divine design. If you have undergone a life transition (empty nester, recent or imminent retirement, divorce/separation) and you are unsure of who you are and where you are going, be a part of a small group of 2-3 women and 'rediscover and reclaim your identity and life' and find passion, purpose, direction and fulfillment.
A 12-week course
Pathfinders Art Therapy Group Saturday-  Teens girls meet for 6 weeks exploring different art media as well exploring yourselves, your own strengths and dreams. You will have an opportunity to try out new things while sharing your ideas. Using clay, paint, pastels and collage, working things out for yourself in a safe supportive group. Ages 11 to 17 Begins  in October 12  Sliding fee, $0-$30 6 two-hours session course.  Insurance Accepted
Counseling and psychotherapy from a distinctly Christian viewpoint.
This group focuses on anxiety issues that impact relationships.
Support/guidance through divorce issues with parenting and transitions:  grief work, parenting plans, dealing with distrust, financial fears, work transitions, etc..  In every divorce, there is a Loss to be absorbed and a Gain to be realized.  Parenting agreements are critical for establishing a secure emotional base for the children.  Totally confidential, we use a book (Mom's House, Dad's House), written exercises, and group discussion.  Limited to 8 people, cost is $25 per person; meets weekly for four sessions.  Open to men and/or women, couples.  Required to pay for all four weeks at start of group.
Visit  http://selfaware101.com/services/  to find dates and times of the new groups starting.  6 week long. Limited to 8 people.  Are you in the midst of transition and don't know where your life is going next? Or wondering how your life looks so vastly different than what you had hoped or planned? Based on my new internationally best-selling book: The Self-Aware Life: 4 Pillars to Long-Lasting Fulfillment and Success. This group will help you align your life with your core values to find more meaning and fulfillment in your life. Groups are forming on-line and in-person.
Providing domestic violence offender group and substance abuse treatment in a group setting utilizing evidence-based practices.
This Group Meets Weekly on Sundays to hold space for the change process occurring in the body. This is a closed group and the participants must meet with the facilitator prior to joining for initial consult.
Interested in forming a group to support those who are struggling with loss and loneliness